This sermon is brought to you by Buford Road Baptist Church.
the speaker today is Pastor Tony Kahoot
So,
The idea was, after the choir went down,
That these lights would be dimmed and our ushers would come.
And light these candles,
And then they would start at the back, and they would.
Let
The folks out in the back, row by row, family by family, to come forward.
And its replication was the.
Passages in the Gospel of Matthew.
In chapter two, when the wise men came.
To the baby Jesus, the word says this in Matthew 2:11, and when they were coming to the house,
They saw the young child with Mary, his mother, and fell down and worshipped him.
And when they had opened their treasures,
They presented unto him gifts.
Gold and frankincense,
And murm,
And so our pastor in 1978 envisioned that as we would come forward, it would represent, as the wise men came to present Jesus, the baby child.
child.
Their gifts
This was a way that we, as a church,
Could present the Lord.
A very special love gift.
Which is over and above our regular times and offerings, and so.
It's been my pleasure, and pastor, too.
Ape Simon did this and I have carried the solver.
And has made it.
A priority to keep pasture.
Kay Wood's vision alive.
you listen to Pastor Tony Kahoot
For more information, visit our website at bufordrodebaptistchurch.com